seash_intro.md, before:

# An Introduction to `seash`, the Experiment Management Tool

`seash` is Sensibility Testbed's experiment management tool. It is a
Python 2 program that runs on your desktop or laptop, and uses
cryptographic keys to access the customized Sensibility Testbed app
installed on your Android smartphone or tablet.

This document provides a short overview of its capabilities and usage.

**Note:** If you haven't set up `seash` or the Sensibility Testbed app yet, please
follow the [setup guide](Setup.md).



### Starting `seash`

* Open a terminal
* Change into the directory where you unzipped `seash`
* Start `seash` using the Python interpreter.

This results in the following:

```
$ cd path/to/demokit
$ python seash.py
- You can press the Tab key to enable tab complete when typing commands.

Enabled modules: execute, factoids, geoip, modules, runtests, uploaddir, variables 

 !> 
```



### Set Up Your Experiment Session

In order to control your Android device, `seash` needs the cryptographic
keys configured for your Sensibility Testbed app installation. The default
user name is `user`. Load the key pair, enabled it, discover your Android
device, and set it the active target for the following control commands.
```
 !> loadkeys user
 !> as user
 user@ !> browse
 ['192.168.99.10:1224']
Added targets: %1(192.168.99.10:1224:v1)
Added group 'browsegood' with 1 target
user@ !> on browsegood 
user@browsegood !> 
```



### Sending Commands

With the `seash` session all set up, here are the most important control
commands.

* `run PROGRAM` uploads the named program to the device and starts it.
* `show log` prints the sandbox log that an experiment can write into.
* `stop` tells the sandbox to stop the current program.

Other useful commands include:

* `upload FILE` copies the file from the laptop to the sandbox.
* `start UPLOADEDFILE` executes a file that was previously uploaded.
* `download FILE` copies the file from the sandbox to the laptop.
* `reset` removes all files from the sandbox, and clears the log.

#### For Example

Let's try out the `test_sensors.r2py` script that tests all sensor calls
and logs the result.

```
user@browsegood !> run test_sensors.r2py
user@browsegood !> # Wait for a few seconds for the program to execute
user@browsegood !> show log
========================================
Running program: test_sensors.r2py
Arguments: []
========================================
0.482042074203 get_bluetooth_info () {'local_address': '78:F8:82:..:..:..', 'state': 10, 'scan_mode': 20, 'local_name': 'NYU Vienna LG-H420'} 
0.49251294136 get_bluetooth_scan_info () None 
0.501909017563 is_wifi_enabled () True 
0.509051084518 get_wifi_state () 3 
0.516189098358 get_wifi_connection_info () {'ssid': '"..."', 'bssid': '00:1b:2f:..:..:.', 'network_id': 0, 'supplicant_state': 'COMPLETED', 'link_speed': 36, 'frequency': 2437, 'mac_address': '64:bc:0c:..:..:..', 'rssi': -68, 'ip_address': 174303424, 'hidden_ssid': False} 
0.987251996994 get_wifi_scan_info () None
```
etc. etc.

Commit message:

Add link to `test_sensors.r2py`
Later on, I think I'll add the file to the demokit.

seash_intro.md, after:

# An Introduction to `seash`, the Experiment Management Tool

`seash` is Sensibility Testbed's experiment management tool. It is a
Python 2 program that runs on your desktop or laptop, and uses
cryptographic keys to access the customized Sensibility Testbed app
installed on your Android smartphone or tablet.

This document provides a short overview of its capabilities and usage.

**Note:** If you haven't set up `seash` or the Sensibility Testbed app yet, please
follow the [setup guide](Setup.md).



### Starting `seash`

* Open a terminal
* Change into the directory where you unzipped `seash`
* Start `seash` using the Python interpreter.

This results in the following:

```
$ cd path/to/demokit
$ python seash.py
- You can press the Tab key to enable tab complete when typing commands.

Enabled modules: execute, factoids, geoip, modules, runtests, uploaddir, variables 

 !> 
```



### Set Up Your Experiment Session

In order to control your Android device, `seash` needs the cryptographic
keys configured for your Sensibility Testbed app installation. The default
user name is `user`. Load the key pair, enabled it, discover your Android
device, and set it the active target for the following control commands.
```
 !> loadkeys user
 !> as user
 user@ !> browse
 ['192.168.99.10:1224']
Added targets: %1(192.168.99.10:1224:v1)
Added group 'browsegood' with 1 target
user@ !> on browsegood 
user@browsegood !> 
```



### Sending Commands

With the `seash` session all set up, here are the most important control
commands.

* `run PROGRAM` uploads the named program to the device and starts it.
* `show log` prints the sandbox log that an experiment can write into.
* `stop` tells the sandbox to stop the current program.

Other useful commands include:

* `upload FILE` copies the file from the laptop to the sandbox.
* `start UPLOADEDFILE` executes a file that was previously uploaded.
* `download FILE` copies the file from the sandbox to the laptop.
* `reset` removes all files from the sandbox, and clears the log.

#### For Example

Let's try out the `test_sensors.r2py` script that tests all sensor calls
and logs the result. (You may download it from
[this link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aaaaalbert/sensor-doodles/master/test_sensors.r2py)).

```
user@browsegood !> run test_sensors.r2py
user@browsegood !> # Wait for a few seconds for the program to execute
user@browsegood !> show log
========================================
Running program: test_sensors.r2py
Arguments: []
========================================
0.482042074203 get_bluetooth_info () {'local_address': '78:F8:82:..:..:..', 'state': 10, 'scan_mode': 20, 'local_name': 'NYU Vienna LG-H420'} 
0.49251294136 get_bluetooth_scan_info () None 
0.501909017563 is_wifi_enabled () True 
0.509051084518 get_wifi_state () 3 
0.516189098358 get_wifi_connection_info () {'ssid': '"..."', 'bssid': '00:1b:2f:..:..:.', 'network_id': 0, 'supplicant_state': 'COMPLETED', 'link_speed': 36, 'frequency': 2437, 'mac_address': '64:bc:0c:..:..:..', 'rssi': -68, 'ip_address': 174303424, 'hidden_ssid': False} 
0.987251996994 get_wifi_scan_info () None
```
etc. etc.
